Reorganizing code intelligence documentation and adding feature sections (#8853)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/code_intelligence/index.md

> NOTE: When a particular token returns a large number of references, we truncate the results to < 500 to optimize for browser loading speed. We are planning to improve this in the future with the ability to view it as a search so that users can utilize the powerful filtering of Sourcegraph's search to find the references they are looking for.

<img src="img/find-refs.gif" width="450"/>

### Symbol search

We use [Ctags](https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags) to index the symbols of a repository on-demand. These symbols are used to implement symbol search, which will match declarations instead of plain-text.

<img src="img/Symbols.png" width="500"/>

#### Symbol sidebar

We use [Ctags](https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags) to index the symbols of a repository on-demand. These symbols are also used for the symbol sidebar, which categorizes declarations by type (variable, function, interface, etc). Clicking on a symbol int eh sidebar jumps you to the line where it is defined.

<img src="img/SymbolSidebar.png" width="500"/>

## Code intelligence in action

> See how code intelligence adds context to your workflow in the example below.

Author: ```suggestion
Code intelligence adds context to your development workflows. The example below shows how code reviews are improved using code intelligence on a pull request in GitHub.
```
